docs: enhance README with technical architecture details (#80)
ubiquity-os-marketplace/text-vector-embeddings: README.md

  }
} else if (isIssueEvent(context)) {
  switch (eventName) {
    case "issues.opened":
      await addIssue(context);
      await issueMatching(context);
      return await issueChecker(context);
    // ... other issue events
  }
}
```

### Vector Embeddings: The Core Technology

The most fascinating aspect of this system is its use of vector embeddings to understand and process text. The implementation uses Voyage AI's embedding service with their large instruction model:

```typescript
async createEmbedding(text: string | null, inputType: EmbedRequestInputType = "document"): Promise<number[]> {
  if (text === null) {
    throw new Error("Text is null");
  } else {
    const response = await this.client.embed({
      input: text,
      model: "voyage-large-2-instruct",
      inputType,
    });
    return (response.data && response.data[0]?.embedding) || [];
  }
}
```

This converts text into high-dimensional vectors that capture semantic meaning, allowing for sophisticated similarity comparisons between issues.

### Intelligent Issue Management

The system implements several advanced features for issue management:

#### 1. Issue Deduplication

> One of the most powerful features is the ability to find similar issues using vector similarity search. The implementation uses Supabase's vector similarity capabilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most powerful features is the ability to find similar issues using vector similarity search. The implementation uses a custom-implemented vector similarity search:
```
